well it's the end of the first week of
worlds groups I'm joined right now by
prey as well as Shirley just gonna help
translate with coverage presented by
mobile Enix prey how are you doing and
how confident are you feeling right now
about your position in your group and
your chances of getting out in first
place qso hunts ain't a top policy
toward harmless until I caught up with
her senior malcomson Gaia pronto a
chance you can enjoy take out we know
what to take you into it and there's
some other thing all right I'll call
agent receipt china crisper well we
already have three ones therefore we're
quite quiet now we've had a quite
unstable performance at the beginning
but now we're stabilizing so I as far as
I know with only a few more wins I think
we're good to go to the next round
that is for sure that is for sure and
how do you feel about long shoes overall
strength compared to all of the world's
teams because I think many people
believe that your team could go very
very far we took a veteran team but I
would have us today launched a cortical
decision I'm cutting in Changi
Monica statistical Tom CoA kodi neeya
[Music]
c'mon oh c'mon I take or take a single
muscle in the key window Joe : I'm sure
he told us you had a quarter well yeah
well I prefer to make it as far as we
can and our target is to go today and
that's more it and beyond semifinals and
I really love to stand on the finals
game because it felt like then I will
feel like I'm like dreaming I feel
really good because last time it did I
felt super nice so yeah actually the
night it was you know correct myself
our target is to go to the finals and in
order to do that we have to make a lot
of
very very true now you have been to many
international events now and I am
curious if you have any special process
or any way that you deal with the travel
and playing in another country and all
that kind of thing okay but I need to be
going on a second holiday
you don't want it but I'm Opie Bobby
sitting guy oh oh
tater oh okay okay
that everything about her Sunday groans
I mean come on water okay conga if you
going to go so stupid and get off okay
well we don't really have a special
process because when we visit other
countries we only Garrett go there to
play match ups therefore I never did any
tour we I only practiced like in a hotel
rooms and everyone asked out there is no
specialty yeah well are there any
besides you know maybe you don't go out
but are there any processes or ways that
you deal with the you know maybe trying
to find food or trying to get the rent
sleep or staying in a hotel or anything
to create an insectivore they could come
to hire there go we could tell them to
edit an eye on the chrome wrote it about
it hundred people in there lucky people
you know the banning I don't wanna kinda
charity know when an impending go boom
she cutting a win and yeah a
mother-daughter turn some young another
did come on it I mean cable TV Hotel
maneet I don't wanna go to well now I've
been to so many countries now on
frequent occasions therefore I get
adjust to the country's adjust the time
differences very easily and even with
the third now if even if I don't like
the food at the beginning if I just keep
consuming it over and over again I just
have to get used to the food so my tip
is just you know go travel a lot as much
many times as you can then you figure
out you're a very good I'm glad
many people can use that I'm sure too
figure out how to deal with travel now
I'm curious are you what do you think of
the other players in your position at
this tournament are there any that stand
out or are there any that you would like
to face basileus always presence in
[Music]
narcotic it's hard to sing oh I think I
can gaming sounds of the tape kiss
opponent water on and think what can you
can kiss opponent is doing what well I
don't really have anyone to like fight
against at this moment but the one who
stands out I believe it's Suzy I always
thought Ozzy is a great you know ad
carry so I continue to watch his game
and I try to see that how he plays well
I'm excited to see how you guys do next
week but is there anything that you
would like to say to any of the fans
right now Amida okay in the kristenjohn
todo people are sweeter oh i see more
money well I think we're fortunate to
come back to the World Series this time
so we'll try our best to go beyond the
semifinals into the finals
so we'll try our best to fly higher and
higher so please keep cheering for us
and thank you very much thank you very
much as well really great to talk to you
and thank you so much for the
translation surely for everyone else you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel
hey everyone I'm having a blast in China
but there's some bad news
I actually do not have a return ticket
because mobile dicks sent me over here
and they said unless a bunch of people
sign up at mobile it's out GG / Travis
and enter the giveaway
they're not bringing me back to the
states so if you'd like to see me and
spring split next year please please be
sure to check them out